docs(release): update workspace dep table and release step (#1227)
LavaMoat/lavamoat: RELEASE.md

| lavapack                  | @lavamoat/lavapack                  | lavamoat-core                                   |
| laverna                   | @lavamoat/laverna                   |                                                 |
| node                      | lavamoat                            | @lavamoat/aa, lavamoat-core, lavamoat-tofu      |
| perf                      | lavamoat-perf                       |                                                 |
| preinstall-always-fail    | @lavamoat/preinstall-always-fail    |                                                 |
| survey                    | survey                              | lavamoat, lavamoat-core, lavamoat-tofu          |
| tofu                      | lavamoat-tofu                       |                                                 |
| webpack                   | @lavamoat/webpack                   | @lavamoat/aa, lavamoat-core                     |
| viz\*                     | lavamoat-viz                        | lavamoat-core                                   |
| yarn-plugin-allow-scripts | @lavamoat/yarn-plugin-allow-scripts |                                                 |

> > [!WARNING] \*`lavamoat-viz` is currently unmaintained; we have tentative plans to resume development in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| viz[^viz]                 | lavamoat-viz                        | lavamoat-core                                   |
| yarn-plugin-allow-scripts | @lavamoat/yarn-plugin-allow-scripts |                                                 |

[^viz]: `lavamoat-viz` is currently (un)maintained on the [`lavamoat-viz`](https://github.com/LavaMoat/LavaMoat/tree/lavamoat-viz) branch; there are tentative intentions to resume development in the future.
```

This should render an actual footnote with link. (Wasn't able to find a way to make it play nicely with the `> [!WARNING]`)

https://github.blog/changelog/2021-09-30-footnotes-now-supported-in-markdown-fields/
